Private Logs viewer:
Private Logs Viewer gives read access to all logs, including Data Access and Access Transparency logs.
Logging - fluentd - catch-all-config
Freshness, Correctness, and Throughput.

Gather the data from the load balancers.

Google Cloud recommends gathering SLI data from load balancers as they are closer to the user and it is the most efficient method.

Assign the Cloud Run Admin role to the Cloud Build service account.
The Cloud Build service account needs permission to manage Cloud Run.

Designate a development team member as the incident commander.

While there very well might be a social media team involved at some point, communications regarding the incident response should be handled by the Communications Lead. 


VPC Flow Logs

VPC Flow Logs are enabled per subnet, and log a sample of all network traffic on that subnet.

Which of these scenarios require installing and configuring custom monitoring agents on your GCP resources? Pick TWO options.

View memory usage metrics on Compute Engine instances.

Memory usage requires the monitoring agent to be installed.
Selected

View Apache web server access metrics on Compute Engine.

Third party metrics (like Apache) require the monitoring agent to be installed.
Selec

SLI/SLO/SLA
SLI<=SLO
or
(lower bound <= SLI <= upper bound) = SLO

Example SLIs:
request latency
failure rate - unsuccessful requests/all requests
batch Throughput - propotion of time = data processing rate > treshhold

4 Google Golden Signals

LETS

Latency - time it takes for service to fulfill request
Errors - the rate at which your service fails
Traffic - how much demand is directed at your service
Saturation - how close to fully utilized your resources are

SLO defines how often SLI should be met

2xx status: 900,000 3xx status: 40,000 4xx status: 50,000 5xx status: 10,000
HTTP 3xx status messages mean further action is needed to complete the request, so they are NOT good or valid events. The HTTP 4xx error indicates a syntax problem or a request that can't be fulfilled, so they are also NOT good or valid events. The HTTP 2xx status client code shows successful, valid, and good events. The HTTP 5xx server failure status code shows valid, but NOT good server events. This would mean that the SLI = ( 900,000 good events / 910,000 valid events) x 100%. That brings the SLI to 98.9%.  Reference: List of HTTP Status Codes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_status_codes 

Spinaker

When using Spinnaker as a continuous delivery tool, how does Spinnaker control traffic to different versions of your Kubernetes application?

Updates the existing production Replica Set for each new version deployed.

Spinnaker updates existing staging and production Replica Sets with each new version of a deployed application.


Metric (collectd) - telemetry or signal data streamed from the sytem in real time
Log (fluentd) - event or status that happened in a json/String format. Agent needed to see syslog and i.e. Apache logs)

Retention polices

Metrics - 24 months
Logs:
    Admin activity, System Event, Access Transparency:
    400 days (non-configurable)
    No $
All other logs:
    30 days by default (configurable)
    manually enabled logs : charged based on log ammount (i.e Data access and all other logs i.e user logs - logs generated by applications, VPC Flow logs, Firewall logs)
    $0,50/GB

Log-based metrics - Metrics based on defined log entries: i.e nr of denied connection attempts from firewall rule
can be system or user defined.

Distribution metrics help track latency - it takes value from each event and show how these values are distributed over a set

Services (in Monitoring) - help to easy set and monitor SLIs and SLOs and alert if not met
Microserives running in your projects on GKE or App Engine should be automatically enabled, but importing of exisitng SLIs and SLAs require Anthos service mesh, Istio or App Engine

IAM roles

generic roles - can be assigned to both humans and SAs
SA specific roles - can be assigned to SAs only (Logs writer, Logs bucket writer)

